AARON LERCH
README

It’s a bit weird, I get it.
We’ll get to know each other -- if we haven’t already -- over time. This infodeck is a convenient-ish way to introduce myself as an Engineering Manager at InVision.

So… hi!
What is this, even?

I am primarily here to do two things:
Provide context
Engage, retain, and grow world-class talent (that’s you!)
My Goal
I can take off for a month and it shouldn’t make a difference.
It sounds like a joke but I’m entirely sincere.
My Job

My Goal
If I accomplish my goal it means that:
You feel empowered as a leader1 to figure out what you need to do and how you think it should be done and then to get it done
You have enough context to understand your priority and focus over the next month or quarter
You have built effective relationships with others in the company
We have a clear roadmap

1 I define a leader as “a person who is able to influence another person” - it’s that simple, that universal, and has nothing to do with “management”

If I describe my ideal for our team and each person on it, it is that we:
take control of, and responsibility for, our own destiny
have each other’s back
hold each other accountable
expect excellence in ourselves and each other
assume positive intent
always question, always ask “why?”
constantly learn
laugh together
The Team

You are always welcome and encouraged to drop a meeting on my calendar, either via Google Calendar or https://calendly.com/aaronlerch
If you want or need to talk to me, and my schedule is not open, DM me on Slack and I’ll make sure we talk that day.
Scheduling

Nothing beats face-to-face in-person communication
Our next best option is face-to-face video
I respond to emails within 24 hours, and usually within three.
If it feels like we’re having trouble communicating, I will always err on the side of, “let’s hop on a video call and hash this out”
I try to be as responsive as possible via Slack, even if my reply is “I’m in a meeting, I’ll get back to you in 30 minutes”
Comms
I am working to improve my responsiveness when I’m in meeting after meeting.

1-1s are very important to me because they are dedicated space for you to talk about anything and everything you want
They are meetings primarily for you, and only secondarily for me
It’s not a status meeting, unless you want to talk about status
1-1s are flexible -- they can shift and change to fit around our shifting schedules
Don’t save urgent matters for a 1-1!
1-1s (One-on-ones)

More than any other factor, candid and compassionate feedback is central to a cohesive high-functioning team
Feedback is best received in the context of psychological safety; I want you to know, both intellectually and experientially, that my primary desire is for you to be happy and fulfilled
Feedback should happen as real-time as possible
I will strive for this
In a distributed company, the “normal” post-meeting chats don’t happen; we need to be intentional
Feedback

I follow a Green / Orange / Red performance assessment and communication model. My goal is for you to always know where you’re at. If you ever feel you don’t know, just ask me.
Green - there might be things to improve, or there might not. If nothing ever changed, it’s all good.
Orange - there are one or more behaviors that, if left unchecked in the long term, will not be sustainable. Something needs to change.
Red - there is a significant problem, with a timebox, and we have explicitly talked about both the problem and the timebox.
Performance

Going orange sounds terrifying. It shouldn’t be. It is absolutely recoverable! Even going red is recoverable.
Recovering from orange (or red) builds a lot of trust. You’ve proven that you accept feedback, acknowledge your role in the situation, and are willing and capable of changing, growing, and improving. That is HUGE.
O R A N G E
