Hi.  I’m Roy.
February, 2018

This is ...
A quick way to
	Introduce me as a human
	Answer some likely questions
	Set expectations about what you can depend on from me as your coworker

This isn’t … 
Laying out
	My expectations for you
	My plans for our organization and its products
I just got here.  I don’t know much yet

Stuff to Know
I live in Pacifica with one spouse,  two kids, 
and three goats
and two cats
and a dog
I was Born and raised in Israel
Became a US citizen 5/18/2016
I like smoking (food), grilling, and baking*
Melody
Xander
(or Alexander when he’s in trouble)
Shannan
* Disclaimer: Cheesecake and flourless chocolate cake. 

Why Slack?
I first noticed Slack when it sent four Black women engineers to represent it at TC  
Been talking with Slack people since March 2016 and loved every conversation
Slack’s got heart and cares about people
Diversity and inclusion are in Slack’s bones
This particular role was huge, and humbling, and exciting

I Don't Believe in Personality Conflicts

We may have substantive disagreements
When it comes to adjusting to personalities, I strongly believe that the person in the more senior position is getting paid, partially, to adjust to the personality styles of the people reporting to them

My Job
At minimum
Attract and retain world-class talent (that's you)
Set context
If I do something that negatively impacts my ability to retain you, you would be doing me a huge favor if you let me know about it, as soon as possible
If I do something that feels more like telling you how to do your job than setting context, you'd be doing me a huge favor if you let me know about it, as soon as possible

On Feedback
I love feedback
Feedback is critical to my success here
Three dimensions are required for people to continue to give you feedback:
Safety should be high (no fear of retaliation)
Effort should be low (no rebuttals)
Benefit should be high (positive results)
Let me know if I don't do well on any of these three dimensions

Want to Talk? Let's Talk
I’ve got a few things to do around here
Very few of them are more important than spending time talking with you if you want to talk with me
Feel entirely free to try to catch me ad-hoc via Slack or in person, or put time on my calendar to talk whenever you want
You may not find a slot on my calendar in any given day
If you want to talk, let's talk
Let me know via Slack or phone (415-763-5140) and I'll evict something

Known Failure Modes
I've been accused of an extreme interpretation of "context not control"
I'm likely to be reticent to express opinions about what/how you should be doing (But I'll never demur in the face of a direct question or request for advice)


One on Ones (1o1s)
1o1s are for you
1o1s are not for status updates unless you want to update status
I’d like to start with high frequency, high length
I’d like you to figure out when/if/how to taper back

On Candor
This company may require me to not tell you about something
This company cannot require me to lie to you. I would not abide by such a requirement 
I bias toward transparency and candor.  You can ask anything.  Most of the time, I'll answer.  Rarely, I won't.  I'm committed to never lying to you
