Scott.README
a work-in-progress, just like me

Wat?
This serves as a brief introduction to what I value & believe in as an engineering manager. However,
It cannot replace getting to know each other through 1:1s, day-to-day chats, etc.
It may help to build that necessary relationship more quickly.
I am interested in continually iterating and fine-tuning these beliefs. Constructive feedback is always welcome.
If you see a discrepancy between this and my behavior, please tell me. 
engineering.stratasan.com will have more information about how we work together as a team.

My Job
I believe managers work for their direct reports. I will work for you by:
Providing context around your work
Retain and developing the talented individuals on my team
Because I am measured by our team’s ability to deliver valuable software to the business, it is in my best interest to provide necessary context around your work and do whatever I can to help you grow as a human, developer, and employee, in that order.

Context
Context should help you more easily complete a feature, fix a bug, or deliver a product.
I have opinions. This does not mean they are correct or you should blindly believe them. Please disprove me so that I can learn with you.
You have final say on the work you own.  I trust you to gather necessary information to make the best decision to move the company forward.

I want to provide you with slightly-more-challenging work than you feel capable. I strongly believe in the Growth Mindset.
It is fine to not understand a particular task. I can help by providing context.
It is not OK to believe that you will never be able to understand it.
I am fascinated in how we transition from beginners through competence to becoming an expert. I do not believe in innate talent. Hard work and a willingness to accept that you don’t know everything trounce any particular aptitude.
The ability to learn is a skill that you can choose to improve or let stagnate. Meta, I know.
Growth

Deep Work
The quality of our development work increases with the amount of concentration we give it.
We work in a relatively open space. Headphones and/or moving to a quiet room is always fine.
The maintenance of inboxes (email, Slack, social media, etc) is not what you’re paid to do. Attention is a valuable resource.
Diving into a bug or feature with a teammate is always a valuable exercise. There are always things you can teach each other.
I’ve found a decrease in inboxes correlates with an increase in happiness. YMMV.

Admittedly, I have the most room to grow in this area. Ideally, we will provide each other feedback that is:
Given with the intent of helping the other person grow.
Aimed at behavior, not the person. “You are dumb” is not feedback, it is an attack on the person.
Actionable and explicit as to what improved behavior looks like.
Given as quickly as possible. Timely feedback provides a tighter loop to reorient behavior.
Radical Candor makes a lot of sense. I want to provide feedback in which it is plainly obvious that I both care about you and believe it will help you grow.
Feedback

Ownership
I believe deeply in your capabilities to get things done. I want to define success and give you space to find the most pleasing route.
You can always rubber-duck debug with me.
If you’d like, I can provide suggestions. However, the act of exploring particular solutions and pruning the dead ends is a great way to grow as a developer. Extra points for being able to turn a journey into coherent English.
Mistakes will happen. If they don’t, I will worry that I’m providing boring work that is not pushing you to grow. Earnest mistakes will not be punished; consider them learning opportunities.

My calendar is not super full. Blocking a time on it is the best way to get my undivided attention.
Face-to-face in-person (or in-video) is always the highest bandwidth.
Consider if others in the future would benefit. If so, post in a public, historical place like GitHub or Google Docs.
I am sometimes on Slack in the evenings after the kids go to bed. I do not expect you to be. If I message you, I’m likely just garbage-collecting the day. It can always wait. Slack’s ‘Do Not Disturb’ mode is a great feature.
Communication

1:1s
These meetings are designed to give you a dedicated time and place to ask anything and everything.
Hopefully we talk about things you wouldn’t otherwise bring up in a group setting. I want our 1:1 to be a safe place; if this isn’t the case please tell my boss.
We will go through your agenda first and if time permits I will always have some questions. First and foremost these meetings are for you.
Urgent matters should not wait for a 1:1.
